Output format documentation (#2590)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: docs/docs/mapping/customizing_openapi_output.md

- [`visibility_restriction_selectors=INTERNAL,visibility_restriction_selectors=PREVIEW`](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/blob/master/examples/internal/proto/examplepb/visibility_rule_preview_and_internal_echo_service.swagger.json)
- [Not set](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/blob/master/examples/internal/proto/examplepb/visibility_rule_none_echo_service.swagger.json)

### Output format

> By default output format is JSON, but it is possible to configure it. For this, there is an option `output_format`. Allowed values are: `json`, `yaml`. The output format will also change an extension of the output files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the output format is JSON, but it is possible to configure it using the `output_format` option. Allowed values are: `json`, `yaml`. The output format will also change the extension of the output files.
```

> Example definition in the `buf.gen.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if using `buf`:
```

```yaml
  - name: openapiv2
    out: pkg
    opt: output_format=yaml
```

Input example:

> ```proto3

Reviewer: Use `protobuf` for highlighting

Author: Fixed

syntax = "proto3";

package helloproto.v1;
option go_package = "helloproto/v1;helloproto";

import "google/api/annotations.proto";

service EchoService {
    rpc Hello(HelloReq) returns (HelloResp) {
        option (google.api.http) = {
            get: "/api/hello"
        };
    }
}

message HelloReq {
    string name = 1;
}

message HelloResp {
    string message = 1;
}
```

> Output yaml (`opt: output_format=yaml`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output:
```

Author: Fixed

```yaml
swagger: "2.0"
info:
  title: helloproto/v1/example.proto
  version: version not set
tags:
- name: EchoService
consumes:
- application/json
produces:
- application/json
paths:
  /api/hello:
    get:
      operationId: EchoService_Hello
      responses:
        "200":
          description: A successful response.
          schema:
            $ref: '#/definitions/v1HelloResp'
        default:
          description: An unexpected error response.
          schema:
            $ref: '#/definitions/rpcStatus'
      parameters:
      - name: name
        in: query
        required: false
        type: string
      tags:
      - EchoService
definitions:
  protobufAny:
    type: object
    properties:
      '@type':
        type: string
    additionalProperties: {}
  rpcStatus:
    type: object
    properties:
      code:
        type: integer
        format: int32
      message:
        type: string
      details:
        type: array
        items:
          $ref: '#/definitions/protobufAny'
  v1HelloResp:
    type: object
    properties:
      message:
        type: string
```

Output json (`opt: output_format=json`):
```json

> {

Reviewer: I don't think we need the JSON example, feel free to remove it.

Author: Removed
